fix: Show agent email not being passed to model calls (#29455)
RocketChat/Rocket.Chat: .changeset/brown-forks-fry.md

---
"@rocket.chat/meteor": patch
---

> Fixed a problem where the setting `Livechat_show_agent_email` was not being used by the back when returning agent's info

Reviewer: Do you think, since this is supposed to be for users, we should instead of using setting ids here, provide setting paths like `Omnichannel > Email > Show Agent Email` ?

Author: :hmmm: not really sure. But I do agree we can remove the _ from the setting name lol

> Fixed a problem where the setting `Livechat_show_agent_email` was not being used by the back when returning agent's info

Author: ```suggestion
Fixed a problem where the setting `Show Agent Email` from Omnichannel was not being used by the back when returning agent's info
```
